The stars that fill the summer night
Look down from above.
The beauty of the day and night
You fashioned with love.
Your hands prepared the land and sea,
And ev’rything that came to be
Brought joy to your heart.
There is joy in your creation,
In the message of salvation,
And the Paradise to come.
But to have your love forever
Is a real and lasting treasure.
You alone will prove to be
Our joy eternally.
Jehovah, we have all we need
To bring us delight—
The things we hear and touch and see
And feel deep inside.
You gave us such a perfect start,
Eternity in ev’ry heart,
And joy in our lives.
There is joy in your creation,
In the message of salvation,
And the Paradise to come.
But to have your love forever
Is a real and lasting treasure.
You alone will prove to be
Our joy eternally.
This joy could not be ours
Without the gift of your Son.
His sacrifice has paid the price
So joy could be ours for all time.
There is joy in your creation,
In the message of salvation,
And the Paradise to come.
But to have your love forever
Is a real and lasting treasure.
You alone will prove to be
Our joy eternally.
There is joy in your creation,
In the message of salvation,
And the Paradise to come.
But to have your love forever
Is a real and lasting treasure.
You alone will prove to be
Our joy eternally.